Well, good evening, family. Thank you for joining us again tonight.
It's Brandon and Diana, the Dynamic Duo. We're here and we're ready to pray.
We've been seeking the Lord today and praying over our nation because of all that happened today.
The Lord has been warning us that this was going to take place.
We pray for the troops, the two victims who are fighting for their lives right now.
I don't know if they're still alive or still fighting, but we know that God is able, and we're going to pray for them right now.
We're going to pray for their families and pray peace over them, that God would restore their health and that this heinous act will be punished quickly.
What the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn around and get the glory for it.
I believe with all my heart that's what we're here for. As I was praying this afternoon, I was caught up.
He spoke about Saturday; we were praying over Saturday and the 14 people.
There are other events, and the Lord said, 'This is what I warned you about.
These are the things that I'm warning you about.'It's underground chatter, and the Lord specifically brought this up today.
He said, 'The underground chatter, son, for more acts to come.'We are praying against the acts to come over our malls specifically, and the tree-lighting ceremonies and drones.
They have brought forth this one act, and you'll hear in just a second more about what's going to happen because of the act that happened today.
We pray. This was right by the White House, and President Trump wasn't there, thank God.
He was at Mar-a-Lago, and we continued to pray for him and for Vice President Vance.
I keep forgetting; you'll have to bear with me. We pray for JD Vance.
I know what the Lord is warning me about, and he keeps bringing up that in the days ahead, they will challenge the peace that you have every single day as you go about your normal life.
The enemy would try to challenge that so you live in fear and question everything: 'Is it okay to go here?
Is it okay to go there?'We take for granted as United States citizens the great job our law enforcement does every single day.
Our FBI, our Homeland Security, our local law enforcement, and our sheriff's departments are always out to protect and serve our beautiful nation.
The enemy would try to challenge our way of life so that you would feel that insecurity of whether we are safe to go to the mall.
That was what the Lord was showing me: the enemy was going to try to instill fear, worry, panic, and dread.
As I was praying over that today, I kept praying into Saturday tree-lighting ceremonies and massive get-togethers tomorrow for the parade, praying over New York, Las Vegas, our airports, our TSA, and those who check the baggage.
We pray that God would always intervene, that there would be supernatural divine intervention for our nation.
That's what we'll continue to pray about tonight. That is what I feel in my heart the Lord is wanting us to keep interceding for.
Like I said, stuff like this shouldn't happen. The fact that two troops got almost fatally shot so far is ridiculous.
I wanted to say everything is at peace, but we live in a fallen world and things sometimes slip through the cracks.
We're going to stand on the blood and our covenant tonight, believing God for the holiday season.
In particular, the Lord said Thursday, Friday, and Saturday are three major days.
We have work to do, and I believe many people are up for the task.
There are 2,000 of you here already; you know the seriousness of the hour.
Some of you don't even live in America, but this was not concerning just America.
The Lord said, 'You must pray for France, Germany, and all of Europe.'Praying for Australia, New Zealand, and so on.
It's interesting—I didn't feel led to pray concerning these terrorist attacks for any Asian nations; it's always the Western nations like Europe and Canada.
We'll just do our job. I want to play this video if you're not familiar with today's events. Pete is his name, Hegseth.
They're going to bring out more troops, which isn't a coincidence, thank God, because of what I've seen concerning the tree-lighting ceremony.
Whenever I've told you about the map with the Lego-like buildings, they were planning and strategizing against our nation's capital.
I saw these men, and it was for the underground chatter. I keep seeing these secret networks of phone lines that are coded so they can talk without being interrupted.
I believe it's the same thing they had in New York that we discovered around September 21st.
The Lord said Chicago, Seattle, and Boston have the same kind of networking as New York. We pray that those be uncovered and brought to light.
The Lord said these are the same kind of SIM cards—a very well-funded thing to topple the eagle so that they are able to do what they want to do.
They said, 'We must topple the eagle and bring havoc on the inside so we can do what we want with Israel and these other areas.'As America goes, so does the world; we're the watchdogs of the world.
Even now, the main vision I saw for 2025 was Trump coming on the scene in January and standing on a conductor's platform like a lion tamer, cracking his whip to the nations.
I saw him crack his whip at the bear and the dragon, and they paused.
He was bringing peace for a season, while others would try to escalate things and maneuver around his administration, waiting for his term to be over, even considering how they could eliminate him.
And the Lord said, "We must pray for President Trump, not just for the physical, but for discernment on who he allows into his inner circle as nations would try to deceive him."He said that he would have great discernment in the days ahead of how to handle doing business.
"Don't trust everybody."And the Lord said he needs to work on discernment.
Even then, don't just trust people blindly, sir. There are enemies; there are rats within.
And the Lord keeps telling me there's rats in the Pentagon. There's rats in the FBI.
There's rats in Homeland Security. There's rats in these places.
And he said these people are leaking information. He specifically told me this.
Now, I don't know if you have found them all yet, but I have prayed continually that you will.
I even saw in particular people—the Lord showed me these people are rats.
You must pray for them to be exposed and brought to justice. So that's been our prayer. As a family, we pray over that too.
And we pray over President Trump continually—about his heart, about his veins—even before anything was brought up on the news.
If you go back, we've been praying over his heart, his veins, and his mind for pressure from all the stress from the job.
It's a majorly stressful job when you're doing what he's doing. So, we're praying for him and we continue to do that.
I'm praying for his marriage, praying for his kids and his grandkids, for Kai in particular concerning Washington DC when she's there.
Praying for her, a hedge around and about her. And so, I believe with all my heart our prayers have great traction in them and we're making progress.
So, we're going to continue to do that. Let's go over a little bit of what happened last night.
If you were here for the almost three-hour video—I told Diana, I said, "Well, the squawkers will squawk, but I tell you, the glory was here, and I didn't want to cut it off."I told her, I said, "When I was seeing over there and that angel came, that was beautiful."When you have those experiences with the Father...
She's been crying. I'm telling you, the glory of the Lord—we felt it today. And when the angel said to us, "I've been assigned to you.
I have been assigned."Diana and I—Diana's a thinker—were just going over things: Is it Michael?
Was that Michael? He didn't say his name. I don't know. But I believe he was an archangel. And he said, "I have been assigned to help you.
I've been assigned."And when he was standing there, I thought, "He is a fierce thing."I mean, that angel looked awesome.
I've described it to everyone. Braden made the shield. He tried to make the shield the way I described it the best he could.
It was his breastplate. He didn't have a shield; he had a sword in one hand and a horn in the other. And I thought that was interesting.
It looked like that, but it was turning like a galaxy—not a black hole, but like what you'd see in a Milky Way picture.
It was turning like a circle inside of his chest. It was moving; all that was alive.
And as it was turning in him, his skin—what you would consider our skin—was opal. And he was turning and making different colors.
He was like one of those kaleidoscopes—one of those little things you can look through—and that's the way his skin looked.
His face kept changing and he was glistening and glowing. It was fascinating because the Lord allowed me to look; the portal was right here and it opened up and he just stood there.
The Lord allowed me to keep looking at him. Usually the visions will change, but the Lord let me just see this angelic being right here, and that was amazing. No, it was not natural.
If you have that kind of encounter, you're on your face; the presence of the Lord, when an angelic being like that in physical form comes, is the glory of the Lord.
But when you're seeing in spirit, it's filtered for me; you're able to stand it.
But when I was looking at him, he kept looking back at me, but he was always keeping his face to the Father.
He was looking to the Father. He would glance at us, but he would look at the Father and he kept his eyes to the Father the whole time.
It was amazing. He wasn't looking around for demons; he was looking to the Father.
His eyes were fixed upon the Lord. And that was the most amazing part of why I kept looking at him.
I was like, "Wow, he knows his assignment, but he's waiting for instructions from the Lord as he's watching over my family."And he spoke to me and said, "I'm here on an assignment for you, but I have a word to give you from the Lord."And he spoke and said, "Love never fails."And he said, "Faith works by love."And he said the greater glory what you are looking for is attached to the love walk.
What have you done with love? What did you do with love? How do you treat your fellow brother?
Love never fails. First Corinthians 13, going over the love walk—the foundational love.
God is love. It's not what he does; it's who he is. God is love.
And as I saw that angel with that opal, and his sword looked like a lightning bolt.
And where he held it had emeralds. He had emeralds inside of that handle that were glowing from the inside out.
They weren't like light reflecting off of them; the light was coming from within them.
These beautiful emeralds were green and they were massive.
And he was holding it, but you could see the green on the side as his hand was on it.
And I could see these green beautiful stones that had black onyx on the outside of them lining them.
They were set in black onyx with gold. And he was holding the handle.
And as the handle went up, it had a handguard that protected his hand, like what you would have on a sword that goes out like this to protect your hand.
But there was a lightning bolt—not just any kind of light. It wasn't like a blade like you would see in a normal sword.
It was like lightning that was his weapon. It was a lightning bolt; it was like electricity was the blade of his sword.
And he was holding it there, but he was standing with his arms out like this. He was ready for action.
Most people get tired if we have our arm held up there, but he doesn't get tired. His eyes were fixed upon our Father.
In the other hand, he had a horn that had a royalty garment, like a royalty flag, hanging off of the horn.
It was gold-outlined and looked like a W with crimson red mixed with purple and gold, and it was gorgeous the way it was dripping.
It was fastened to the horn, but he was waiting for instruction. But as he came, he said to me, "I've been instructed today.
I've been assigned to you and your family."There was more to what he said, but that was for us.
And I'm thankful that God would graciously show us these things.
Kaleidoscope. Thank you. You know, Brendan has a hard time with even his own language.
Gyroscope, Kaleidoscope. They sound the same a little bit.
But all glory to Jesus. As we were praying, I kept seeing him, and he was here.
And then what was the next part? Heaven is invading earth. Yes, Heaven is invading earth.
I saw the universe and the stars that were thrown into space. But as he was there, I could see it.
Oh, and then I heard regarding the great Babylon, I saw a storm coming again.
And he said, "A major storm is coming. A major storm is coming."I saw Babylon.
And most people say, "Well, it's Rome."No, again, it was New York. It was referencing New York. And that's what I was seeing.
You say, "Well, the 12 major hills and all that,"and people try to argue there.
And if you go to—is his name Brewer? He has the YouTube channel.
He has the beard and he is a Baptist minister. Yes, Troy Brewer? He teaches end-time stuff a lot and he's on there a lot.
He even talks about New York being Mystery Babylon and he can prove it; he shows the map and the hills and everything, and it goes alongside it because when you're hearing stuff and you think, "Lord, does this line up with the word?"you don't want to go off into flakyville.
You want to stay grounded. Just because you see it doesn't mean it's—you need to make sure it's not flaky.
But as I was seeing it over, I told D, "It's been glorious."That was wonderful. We are so excited about it.
And then she read Revelation 18 and what the Lord was saying about the Mystery of Babylon.
So I think that was it. No, the dragon. Oh, I saw a dragon. See, Braden, you're awesome.
I saw the dragon. Okay, so I saw a cliff. Robert Breaker teaches a lot of cool stuff. I'm telling you, that guy's sharp.
I like to look at his stuff when he has the chart and his little dry-erase board and he does all this stuff.
I think it's cool, man. I get into that. It keeps me entertained.
But he's pretty sharp. What was I telling you? Dragon. Okay.
The dragon was on the side of this hill. And as it opened its mouth, it was in the rocks.
It was hidden in the rocks this whole time. And as it opened its mouth, the rocks became a dragon.
And it opened its mouth and the water started to come inside of that dragon's mouth.
And all of a sudden I saw amber—like the tree sap that's hardened.
It was in a circle and the dragon's claw out of his hand grabbed a hold of that and was holding it, and I saw things moving around in it.
Now that looked very occultic, like a cult, like satanic. And so I thought that was interesting because it was concerning the water.
It was right after Mystery Babylon and the dragon opened its mouth and the water came out; it was breathing on the water.
There was something going on with the water and I thought that was interesting.
I could see the mist and all the stuff rolling around it and I thought, "What in the world?"And so maybe that's Wormwood. I don't know folks.
I just tell you what I see and I go, "Hey, that was way out there."But that dragon became alive out of the rocks, opened its mouth, and gobbled up the water out of the ocean.
And as it came forth out of him, it was steaming. It was like it was bubbling.
And then the amber—there was something with it—his hand came on this thing and this dragon grabbed a hold of this and I thought, "What in the world?"So as I was seeing this angel, I keep getting, I believe, glimpses of Tribulation and chapters in Revelation.
Even with the four angels before, that was last week. Where are we in the end times?
Jesus is coming. And bottom line, I keep going over it and over it.
We talk about it and what the Lord brings to us every time, and we're so grateful.
Isn't it exciting? It's exciting to be alive. It's exciting to follow Jesus right now.
If you are not excited about the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ, your wood is wet. It is time to have anticipation, looking for our Creator.
I'm telling you folks, we are in the last of the last seconds of the last of the last days here.
And as I was looking over, I saw—no, the Lord said, "Leave it alone."So, that's basically it.
Praise the Lord. So, I don't know if you were here for it, but those were basically the highlights.
So, people say, "Brandon, I don't have time to spend two hours."I know.
I wouldn't either, but this is what the Lord's assigned me to do.
So, we give you the last half of the video if you want to watch it and pray a little bit and you say, "Hey, I don't have time."This is the CliffsNotes.
You know, the little yellow book. The CliffsNotes version of what we said.
So, you just got it in 22 minutes instead of three hours. But you don't just jump in the river, folks.
It's cultivation. Cultivation, acceleration. It is not a microwave. It is a slow cooker.
You don't just say, "Well, you know, God, that's just the way it is."People get cranky about it, but it's cultivation.
It's prayer and prayer and prayer. And that's cutting all the pauses. That's everything. Boop. There you go.
So maybe that saved you a lot of time so you can go eat some more turkey, all glory to Jesus.
But we're going to pray now and we're going to seek the Lord concerning our nation and praying over Black Friday and all the things that the Lord has assigned us to do.
Are you ready? Do you need to take a break? I got you tea. I like the raw version.
Well, I don't feel an anointing on it like telling you all that.
To me, the pauses are the pauses and the anointing and the presence of the Lord when it fills your house is what I'm after. Everything else, I don't care about that. It's about him.
When you get lost in him, it's like D and I talk about it when we were talking about being contenders but being the next generations. We have our friend Billy. I say he's like a unicorn.
You don't have very many of these men that are walking in the presence of the Lord that you go to their services and it's life-changing like you do when we go visit Billy Burke.
I love my friend. I pray over that man every day that he's going to live to 120. Lord, keep him around.
But there's these elders that have gone home and I said, "Lord, why did it stop?
Why did the healing movement really die?"There are some people and we see some healings, but I want the Jack Coe and the Oral Roberts and the tent revivals are coming back.
The Lord keeps telling me, Brandon, that tent revivals are coming back. The old well of revival is coming uncapped.
But you are not going to just walk up and get a cupful of it like Kenneth Hagin did and the ones who went before you who drank, walked away, and had their cup full. He said, "I'm taking you to the bottom of it.
You're going to go to the bottom of the well this time, for this generation is the grand finale."You'll go to the bottom of the well this time, and this will be the greatest outpouring of my spirit and my presence upon this world that the world has ever seen or known.
The former and the latter rain together with a major move—I'm talking about a glorious outpouring like we've never seen before.
The well of revival is coming uncapped. And He said Oral Roberts University on Lewis Avenue is about to experience a glorious move of God's presence.
There will be moves in Collinsville and all over the place. The Lord has spoken even to John Kilpatrick a couple of days ago at Church of His Presence and Perry Stone.
These churches the Lord keeps bringing up, along with Living Word—you can go on and on—but I'm telling you, He said there is going to be one last major push.
As we are praying into the greats of the old, the Lord said, "Be the trendsetter of this generation.
Be the trendsetter of this generation."That's what I told y'all.
He said, "Brandon, you're only operating at 25% of your gifting.
Only 25%."And that's when I stopped and I said, "Lord, how is that? I'm getting older.
You know, I'm not old, but I'm getting older."I said, "I want more.
I want more."He said, "It's time. T-I-M-E. How much time do you spend? How much do you die to self daily? How much do you obey?
It's by obedience, listening, praying, and obeying."And that's why I went over the things I said yesterday about how you are looking for the major things for the major decisions—the big thing, the move maybe to Florida or the move to California or the move to Central America or whatever—and you're thinking that's the big moment.
Go to Bible school; this is it. But He said it's the small decisions.
It's the obedience for the day-to-day, the mundane. It's the mundane. It's the day-to-day that gets you from glory to glory.
You're looking for the major thing, but I'm looking at the small thing.
And that's what He's talking about for these greats: they obeyed me in the small things because I listened to them.
I go back onto YouTube and I think, "Was there a sermon that was really great?"Yeah, but some of these sermons, I was going, "So what?"And I don't mean disrespect; I'm just being real because I'm looking.
So what? But there was obedience behind what He asked them to do through persecution.
They were trailblazers. And the Lord said, "Be a trailblazer.
Say the things that I tell you to say. Be obedient when I tell you to do what to do.
Speak the hard things. Do it and you'll stand out from it, even if you stand alone.
Do what I've told you."There will be great people coming out of seemingly nothing in the days ahead, and you're going to look at them and say, "Where did these people come from?"Be trailblazers and be that person that God's called you to be in this end-time army.
Be the salt. Be the light. Show Jesus to people when you go into the marketplace, when you go to Walmart, or wherever you are in your local community.
Show Jesus this holiday season. I heard one preacher say, "The only Jesus people will see is the Jesus in you and the Jesus in me."And I refuse to be a stumbling block for somebody.
I want them, when they see me, to say, "There's something different about you."When we have people come to our house to work on it, they go, "Man, there's a peace here.
There's something different. I want that."Holy Spirit, invade my home.
Fill my cup to overflowing, Father. None of me and all of You. I just want you to keep fanning that flame.
And the other part of last night was, "Don't give up on your marriage."The Lord was saying there are so many people ready to have a divorce, and He said, "Don't give up on your marriage.
Don't give up on where we are right now."Father, we thank You for the body.
Lord, we just thank You for all that You provided for us for this Thanksgiving tomorrow. Father, there's so much we can be thankful for as a nation.
We're so thankful, Father, as we celebrate this wonderful time of the year that celebrates Your Son.
We give You the month of Christmas. We give You that timeframe. We choose to make Jesus the reason for the season.
We choose to look at You and go, "God, happy birthday, Jesus,"regardless of if it was really Your birthday or not, but this is a time I set apart for my family.
And we just say, "God, we want to give You the glory."We give You all the honor and we give You all the praise for this beautiful Christmas season, for Jesus is the reason for the season.
As we enter into that as of tomorrow, we give this time to You. We separate our year; we're giving our 10%.
We're giving that timeframe of saying, "Jesus, this is our tithe."We're giving more honor to You to say, "Jesus, we love You."Our first fruits for going into 2026.
Jesus, we love You. You're the reason for the season. We give You all the glory, honor, and praise for all that You've done and all that You continue to do.
Thank You for the year that we had, that we're still alive. We still have air in our lungs.
We still have health. You've given us a car. We've got a place to live.
We've got a roof over our heads. Father, You've done so much.
We paid our bills on time. We paid our electric on time. Father, You were so faithful.
We had food to eat. Father, we have shoes and clothes to put on our bodies.
You've been so good to us, Lord. Thank You, Lord. Father, our family is born again and they love You.
Father, there are some people whose loved ones departed this year, and they're not here anymore, and they're celebrating the holidays and this Thanksgiving alone.
Lord, we know that time is coming short, that You're coming back for us and we'll be reunited with our loved ones who went home.
And we're so grateful, Father, that this isn't the end, that there is a new beginning coming.
There's a new beginning, a new day. And I thank You, Father, that though that day is drawing nigh, it's coming.
And we're so grateful, Father, that this could be the last Thanksgiving that we have.
This could be the last Christmas we have on this earth—not because of death, but because Your Son is coming soon.
I believe we'll all live long and finish strong, and we'll be that generation that does not taste death, that we will be in the rapture of the church.
Your Son's return is at hand. This could be the last Christmas; this could be the last Thanksgiving.
Nobody knows the day or the hour. But Father, we are always looking to You.
And we just want to say thank You as we lift up this body and we lift up this time of communion and fellowship with You.
We lift it up and we say, "God, you've been so good to me. Thank you, Lord, for all that you provided.
Thank you, Lord, that we're healthy. Thank you, Lord, that we're mentally sound.
Thank you, Lord, Father, that you took all this on the cross for us.
And, Father, we may not have the full manifestation of what we're believing for in some areas, but God, you are able and it is done.
And we receive it. We worship you and we give you praise for the finished work of Jesus Christ.
We take this body right now in the name of Jesus. Amen and amen.
Lord, we take the blood and we make much of the blood, and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us and we just come before your throne boldly.
And if there's anything you want to show us, if there's anything you have need for us to see, we're an open vessel to see it.
I pray over my mind. I speak that you would speak through my vocal cords and think through my mind.
None of me and all of you in Jesus'name. Uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
I plead the blood over us. I plead the blood over my eyes that I see what you need me to see.
And if there is not anything, that's fine. We're not here for performance.
We're not into performance. Performance is not of you anyway. It's pride.
We go vertical and we attract to deflect like we've been taught.
We keep our eyes on you, Father. And we take the blood right now in Jesus'mighty name.
And we thank you, Lord, for the blood that covers Diana and me and our sins.
Amen and amen. I'm too long-winded. Father, we just give you praise here. Open the eyes of our heart, Lord. We want to see you.
Is there anything you need for us to do for you, Father, concerning this week?
I know what you've said to me already, and I know we could jump right in that river, but I want to be like you, and you're a gentleman, and you don't force anything.
You dance, you lead, and we follow. We dance with you as you lead the dance in this beautiful prayer time, and I'm not in a hurry.
Father, I'm with you, and Diana and I are so grateful for this time.
Thank you, Father. Lord, you are more precious than silver. Lord, you are more costly than gold. We wait on you.
What a beautiful name it is, the name of Jesus Christ our King.
Nothing can compare to this. What a beautiful name it is, the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Father. Where do you want us to go right now? I want to follow you, Holy Spirit.
We're so grateful. I exalt thee, O Lord, for thou, O Lord, art high above all the earth.
Thou art exalted far above, O God. When you get real with God, God will become real with you.
Stop being so religious. Get real with the Father. He knows what you're thinking before you think it.
He knows what you're going to say before you say it. So he knows when you're ticked off about life and you're upset about things.
And he knows your heart towards him whether you trust him or you don't. There's nothing you're going to hide from him.
So just get real with him and say, 'God, I'm ticked off about this stuff and I need you to help me.'Versus trying to hide it and going, 'Everything's okay'when you're not okay.
'God, I'm hurting inside. I need you to fix it.'And I think a lot of times when you get real with God, God will get real with you.
He becomes real to you and your relationships will grow. Don't be fake.
I try to practice that all the time. And he comes and visits, doesn't he, baby? Jesus.
There's just something about your name, Master, Savior, Jesus, like a fragrance after the rain.
Kings and kingdoms will all pass away, but there's something about your name.
Let all heaven and earth proclaim. Yes, there's something about your name.
Father, we worship you. I see that we're going to pray over Washington, D.C.
We pray over our capital, our president, and the land. We pray for peace over the land.
We pray an uncovering of every demonic attack, every plan, every pursuit.
We call an uncovering right now in the name of Jesus. Every hidden plan, the networking—that's it right there. I see it. It's weakened.
The pursuit from the Trump administration has weakened this network, the communication of them being able to hide things.
You're stumbling upon it down there. They say the NSA ties. The NSA is...
so we're praying for the National Security Agency. Concerning Chicago, there's a vein to contain.
To cut the tide and the chatter from the NYPD. These rats within the NYPD, paid by MS-13, and this even goes into the mafia.
They're all networking together. The gangs and the mafia all have infiltrated this NYPD, and this officer tips them off before it happens.
He's on their payroll. I hear the Lord. But he's about to be discovered in one day, ten days, for the FBI is on his trail.
Look in the shipyards. Look for the underground cities and the underground networking.
And this goes clear down to Miami. There's trails for trafficking and organized crime.
And it goes to Houston and Atlanta, clear to Seattle, to LA, to Phoenix, and to Denver—a major network.
They're networking. But if you take the head off the snake—you've got to take the head off the snake.
Who's the head? It's someone big in government. It's big money under the table and they're in Washington, D.C.
This goes clear into Japan. There's networking from Japan, organized crime that goes clear into Japan.
It's on the shipping containers. This is in the shipping. That's why He said look to the shipyards.
This is concerning the shipping union. It's in the shipping containers on the boats.
This is how they're getting their supplies. Secretly getting their supplies. It's an infestation. And then they pass it through.
That's why He said look to the shipyards and it goes on your rail cars, paid under the table.
This is a dark web. I sure love you. We plead the blood over us each day.
We apply the blood over our law enforcement. I apply the blood over Pete and over DeSantis.
We pray over Pam Bondi and over this networking of the hit list.
We call for an uncovering. This goes from Venezuela to Mexico and the cartels.
It's all funneled through Venezuela, Cuba, and Mexico; the cartel is funding this, and it goes clear up through Miami.
There's a great cartel in Miami. Father, we say there is an uncovering happening. That's what the Lord just said.
He's provided wisdom to our FBI, to our Homeland Security, and to the Directorate.
A lot of the CIA has been infiltrated with darkness. Even with the rats within the FBI and the Pentagon, great rats still remain.
They're able to hide. It's camouflage—you know, like a chameleon—for a long time.
And the judges—the reason they involve some of these judges is because they have dirt on them.
So they blackmail them because they have been involved with some of this.
They tell them, 'You do what we tell you to do, or we'll expose you.'Do you need a Kleenex?
You do what we tell you to do, or we will expose you. It's under the table.
The Holy Spirit is shifting now and going in a different direction.
Enough of that. We expose it. All 5,200 of you right now, we're praying for an uncovering.
It's like turning the light on and letting the cockroaches fly. That's what's coming.
There's great darkness in the shipyards and in the underground in New York.
These are the same kind of tunnels that are like those underneath the Vatican that I saw. This network of behavior is underground.
I don't know if that's a metaphor or if they're really underground, because sometimes it is a metaphor—not everything is literally underground.
God's trying to say it's covered. It's not always like they're mole people; it's just covered.
They don't want you to see it; they're hiding it. He used the word camouflage.
He's talking about organized crime. Now I'm seeing New Orleans.
Stay focused; you better be focused. See Leopard. I see the tops of the buildings and the 41st floor again.
Over our subways, you must pay attention. To Leopard. Show me early May.
A shifting is coming. A sifting is coming. You will see soon; he said he'll reveal all the hidden things.
He's talking about that octopus that was in the water and about the Olympics.
He said, 'I will remove the things and you will see.'I send angels out.
Concerning the Olympics, you will see. Concerning New Year's Eve, you will see.
You must remain focused. He's talking about the Beast; he's talking about Timothy McVeigh.
I see the trucks and the vans with the fertilizer in them, even in the railroads going through certain towns, in railroad cars.
We call every hidden thing exposed. We're not worried or in fear.
We're so grateful, Father, that you draw us near. We come up higher; that's your greatest desire.
We come to the mountain of the Lord and call for every hidden thing to be revealed.
Father, I thank you that you're exposing the rats in our government and in the Trump administration.
The FBI director and Pete—all these people—Father, we ask you to raise them up with a fire inside to expose the rats.
We thank you that everyone who goes to the parade tomorrow will be protected.
No drones, no lone-wolf shooters for our Black Friday shoppers, and no one trying to run people down in their cars.
We call every avenue exposed in the name of Jesus. There will be no mass casualty events.
The Lord said some of these people don't want to be caught. Organized crime brings much money and is funded by—I can't say.
It's the Brotherhood that has infiltrated organized crime.
They've paid big sums of money, but this organized crime has been there for decades.
They've been able to influence law enforcement, like the NYPD and the LAPD.
This is darkness. But the Brotherhood has funded their way in to hide.
They take their money to keep them from turning their eyes. Follow the big money.
They know it's there and they're leery of it because they know what they're doing.
This organized crime involves trafficking drugs and darkness. This is another level.
They want to destroy the infrastructure of the city and our country through terrorist activity.
They try to infiltrate through organized crime to pay their way because they want to establish ten cities—a thousand men, a hundred in each city.
These are lone-wolf attacks. This is a country that has infiltrated us for a Red Dawn experience, a Pearl Harbor.
It's an act of war. They have come in and been able to pay their way to network.
It's money, but this is not normal crime. That's what I'm trying to say.
This is what I'm seeing in this vision. What I'm seeing right now as we talk, this is not normal crime.
They've paved their way in, but they're on the outside of a sphere.
Kind of like a parasite would be on the outside of a host of a shark.
You know how those sucker fish suck on the outside of a shark? The shark flows through the water.
This organized crime is a shark and the parasite is trying to ride on the shark.
That is the Brotherhood of the Islamic; that's what I'm seeing.
And they infiltrated our city through money. This is big money.
And they have a networking, and the man with the black hood—the man with the black hood is the head of the snake in New York.
And there's two others. But that's what the Lord is talking about.
It's organized crime, but they've latched onto it like a sucker fish on a shark.
The organized crime, he says, has always been there for decades: the mafia, the gangs, the infiltration.
But it's all networking coming up out of things, and it's trafficking for drugs.
But the brotherhood is Al-Qaeda. It's the darkness from the countries. This is another level.
And they try to fund their way in and blackmail and do the things they can do, right?
You all understand what I'm trying to say? I guess it's pretty clear.
And that's what the Lord is showing tonight, and that's what we're praying.
They want to strike. They want the eagle, but they're all connected because it's all crime.
But one has been there for a long time and the other has not. It's all a puzzle.
And that's what the Lord said, 'Watch Boston.'And I saw the subways again.
I see the buildings. I see the vans. I see semi-trucks. I see boxcars.
And the Lord keeps saying, 'Timothy McVeigh.'Remember these things clear up until the 250th anniversary.
It's a target's timeframe. Targets highlighted: Easter, Christmas, Black Friday, tree lighting.
That's why he had the map out. That man—they have a map out and it's organized.
It is to bring an instability of time—to keep beating the drum to bring instability and fear in America.
It's not one time. The Lord said it's not one thing like we're always looking for 9/11.
It was just one major event and it was organized and it happened. But they want to bring a series.
That's why I said there's some little towns that have two to three men.
That's why they said local—praying over your high schools, like what we had today.
It was one man—wasn't a bunch of people. It was one man. And it's all over the news today: one man with a beard.
He's Islamic. Do you understand? It's one man, a lone wolf there. It's a chatter. It's a network.
And as we pray together on this channel, I believe we're going to uncover this.
And we're backing the Trump administration in prayer for an uncovering of darkness that has infiltrated our country from the Biden administration having open borders.
Say, 'Thank you, Joe Biden.'But it was bigger than him. Do you understand?
This is demonic. It was an assignment. So why? Anybody who votes Democrat is crazy.
I hate to say that. I don't want to get political, but that's nuts.
Why would we open our borders up and let all those people flood our country for all that time?
That's why President Trump said, 'We have no open borders right now.
Nobody's crossing.'Thank God for President Trump. And do you remember what the Lord said?
He said, 'In the days ahead, you will be so grateful and so thankful that President Trump is president because of what's about to happen.
Because of what's about to happen, you'll be so grateful and so thankful.'And people get ticked off about it, but it's just real, y'all.
We'll be so thankful. You say, 'Well, I don't like all he does.'And neither do I.
But we'll be so grateful and so thankful. Why? Because God has appointed him for such a time as this.
And that's what I see tonight. It's such a serious time. Father, we thank you, Lord.
Glory to God. We'll pray about 10 more minutes and I'll let you go be with your families.
Give me 10 more minutes. It's been an hour and 20 minutes here; we prayed for about an hour.
I know you all are busy with your families and I'm so grateful that you would—Oh, Braden just updated the clock.
I was trying to keep it under an hour for y'all so you could be with your families tonight.
And they're like, 'Brandon, I want to spend time with my cousins and my grandma and my grandpas.'So I didn't want to take a lot of your time, but I knew the Lord told me, 'I want you to pray and you pray for the nation.'And I feel it lifting and he showed me what we needed to see.
We can keep praying a little bit longer, but like I said, I know you all want to have family time.
What I told you—we'd pray through Thanksgiving, pray for tomorrow, praying for Black Friday.
We have assignments to do and it's not a race, it's a marathon.
What was that? Did you show them that shield? What is that article?
Trump saying they're from a different Afghanistan. He said they're illegal; they're not from here.
So do you see that? He did a video and he talked about it. I would like to know what President Trump said.
We need to know what our president contended that shooting suspect is from Afghanistan. He blames the Biden administration.
Just like I said, everything I'm hearing is exactly what the Holy Ghost is saying—is what the president just said.
And I didn't even know it. I'm telling you, they infiltrated and there are 100 men per city, per area.
And they've infiltrated. And the Lord said they spread out like tentacles. I see some of them are three per city or towns.
I even said they will have a flex because there's three of them in Honolulu, Hawaii. And they're planning a mass event in Honolulu.
And they said it will be a flex to say, 'We have infiltrated even your islands.'They are in Hawaii. The Lord said this specifically. You remember?
And it was where the man with the leis around his neck, the Hawaii man, the surfer king, whatever his name was.
And the Lord said, 'Watch this. It's on that strip.'We can pray and then we'll end this because we got to finish this, baby.
Let's watch it real quick and then we'll pray. Go ahead and play it.
I don't want to lose this vein of prayer, but it's lifting anyway a little bit. I'm pretty much done, I think.
But violent crime—the DC Safe and Beautiful Task Force has achieved an unprecedented reduction in violent crime and crimes of all types.
This heinous assault was an act of evil, an act of hatred, and an act of terror.
It was a crime against our entire nation. It was a crime against humanity.
The hearts of all Americans tonight are with those two members of the West Virginia National Guard and their families.
The love of our entire country is pouring out for them and we are lifting them up in our prayers.
As we are filled with anguish and grief for those who were shot, we're also filled with righteous anger and ferocious resolve.
As president of the United States, I am determined to ensure that the animal who perpetrated this atrocity pays the steepest possible price.
I can report tonight that, based on the best available information, the Department of Homeland Security is confident that the suspect in custody is a foreigner who entered our country from Afghanistan, a hellhole on earth.
He was flown in by the Biden administration in September 2021 on those infamous flights that everybody was talking about.
Nobody knew who was coming in; nobody knew anything about it.
His status was extended under legislation signed by President Biden, a disastrous president, the worst in the history of our country.
This attack underscores the single greatest national security threat facing our nation.
The last administration let in 20 million unknown and unvetted foreigners from all over the world, from places that you don't want to even know about.
No country can tolerate such a risk to our very survival. An example is Minnesota, where hundreds of thousands of Somalis are ripping off our country and ripping apart that once great state.
Billions of dollars are lost, and gangs of Somalis come from a country that doesn't even have a government—no laws, no water, no military, no nothing.
As their representatives in our country preach to us about our Constitution and how our country is no good, we're not going to put up with these kind of assaults on law and order by people who shouldn't even be in our country.
We must now re-examine every single alien who has entered our country from Afghanistan under Biden, and we must take all necessary measures to ensure the removal of any alien from any country who does not belong here or add benefit to our country.
If they can't love our country, we don't want them. America will never bend and never yield in the face of terror.
At the same time, we will not be deterred from the mission these service members were so nobly fulfilling.
That is why tonight I can announce that I have directed the Department of War to mobilize an additional 500 troops to help protect our capital city.
We will make America totally safe again, and we will bring the perpetrator of this barbaric attack to swift and certain justice, if the bullets going in the opposite direction haven't already done that.
During this time of the year when we gather at home with loved ones, these two patriots were wearing the uniform of our country, patrolling the streets of our capital.
They had taken a selfless oath to defend our nation against all enemies, foreign and domestic, and that is exactly what they were doing when they were gunned down in a savage attack.
I want to express my extraordinary gratitude to every member of the United States military who is deployed tonight at home and abroad.
I also want to thank the Secret Service and the DC Metropolitan Police Department for their work today.
This Thanksgiving, I ask every family to say a prayer for the two great heroes who were so horribly shot and for their loved ones.
Please say a prayer. May God bless them and comfort them, and may God bless and protect.
I'm seeing something. I see France again, and I see England.
They're about to strike France and England; they're going to strike at the same time.
They're going to hit France and they're going to hit England to bring havoc over there also.
It's not just about America; I'm telling you, it's strategic.
They want to bring forth the Mahdi, but they want America to get towards Israel. This is very serious, y'all.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you bring everything—even in France, in Europe, all around England.
We call forth every hidden cell, every terrorist organization and cell in this nation.
We call you brought to justice, we call you exposed, we call you out in the name of Jesus.
You will not destroy our lands. You will not do this. There will be no mass shootings; there will be no mass casualty events.
I pray over those 14 people that you showed me. I lift up the 14 innocent people in the name of Jesus.
We call forth the blood to cover you; we say all 14 are covered.
In the name of Jesus, we take authority over every plot, every plan, every pursuit of demonic.
In the name of Jesus, we take authority over you, over our area: over Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, Washington DC, New York, Miami.
We thank you, Lord, over Dallas, Fort Worth, Phoenix, Denver, Las Vegas, Nevada, LA, and Seattle. We pray over these cities in Jesus'name.
And the Lord said, 'Even Omaha, Nebraska, every single place, every single city that is represented, we call Atlanta free, Atlanta safe in the name of Jesus.'We thank you, Lord, that what the devil means for bad, you're going to turn around for good.
Do you feel that in the atmosphere? You feel that urgency? That's the urgency; it's in the spirit. It's a pulse—a major pulse concerning tomorrow.
Praying over tomorrow, over Friday, over this season, over the Vatican concerning the mass—the Pope and his first mass.
I'm telling you, praying over even the Vatican in Rome concerning the first mass.
Attacks in Iraqi churches, attacks in Middle Eastern churches against our brothers and sisters in the Middle East.
I see suicide bombers going into these places, going into temples and in their churches with vests, using themselves as an explosive device.
And that's even concerning America. The Lord says, 'Do you hear me?'It's raising up inside of me for you to pay attention.
That's why I said, 'Do you hear me?'It's about vests even in America on subways. That's for sure; that's highlighted big.
He has a white thing on his head, but it's not like one of those things the Mahdi wears, like MBS.
It's like a white little circle thing on his head. I see what he's wearing. He has a short haircut and he's skinny. He's about 195.
He's wearing an all-white gown-looking thing that goes clear to his feet, and he has black sandal shoes on.
There is a black backpack on his back. This is very specific, you all. We pray over France.
We pray over the train system in France, over the places with the pastries and coffee and Christmas celebrations, like gatherings.
Goodness gracious, Germany! It's like a village; there's shopping all inside—roasted nuts, chocolates.
It's concerning the Catholics, attacking the Catholics. It's a mass plan to attack the Catholic faith in the churches in Europe, big time.
It's concerning mass—the Christmas plan. What could disrupt this plan?
Only you could, Lord. Make them fear. Make them not want to do it.
We thank you, Lord, that you expose all darkness. Oh, come, Lord.
Oh, come quickly, Father. Let's do this revival and let's go home.
Let's have this revival, Father, and let's go home. Oh, Maranatha, come quickly.
Lord, we want you to come so soon. Our hearts cry for Jesus to come.
An exposing of darkness in this nation, an exposing of darkness around the Catholic Church, Father, that they will not harm any of these people.
They will not harm them, not one of them, with these backpacks. Hallelujah. Hallelujah. Open this.
They would desire even to try to derail our economy and create enemies.
We take authority over you; we bind you off of our land. You will not do this, you terrorist.
We take authority and say in the name of Jesus, bow your knee to the name of Jesus.
You bow your knee to the name of Jesus; we will not have this in our land.
We take authority over you in the name of Jesus. We will not have this over our cities or in our towns.
You will not do this; you will not cause mass casualty. You will not do it in Jesus'name.
No, you cease and desist in your maneuvering against this land; no, we will not have it.
All hidden things be revealed. Even that politician I saw, that senator—reveal it, expose it, and bring justice.
Father, I thank you, Lord; you are the God of justice. You will bring it and expose it in Jesus'name.
At last, it will come to pass in the name of Jesus. We pray over our day tomorrow and we thank you, Father.
We give you praise, Lord, in the name of Jesus. We call it done, and we give glory to your Son, and we give you praise, honor, and glory.
Thank you, Lord, for what is to come; we praise you, Father. We give you praise for the breakthrough tonight.
Father, you bring it to pass at last in the mighty name of Jesus.
We give you praise, Lord, for bringing it to pass tonight. Thank you, Father, that our nation is covered in the blood.
We cover our president in wisdom over his mind, the FBI, the vice president, their wives, children, and grandchildren. Father, we thank you for protection over them.
Lord, we thank you for protection over our president, that he enjoys his Thanksgiving, has a good meal, and relaxes and rests.
Father, I thank you that you bring him peace, that he sleeps soundly, uninterrupted and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
We pray over our president tonight that he sleeps soundly and that we stand for the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for peace over Israel and Jerusalem tonight; there is no more war.
We call peace in Jesus'name. Thank you, Lord. And God, we ask you for a supernatural turnaround in our finances.
We thank you, Lord, for the wind of the Spirit, the wave of finances, and the end-time outpouring right now. For this is the beginning; we call it in right now.
We call for a turn of events over the finances, Father—hundreds of millions and billions of dollars into the Kingdom.
We call it in in Jesus'name, that we lack no good thing. That everyone here is debt-free, that everyone here is paid in full, and that they owe no man anything.
I thank you, Lord, that is the kind of God we serve with an abundant supply.
There is health, wholeness, and wellness over their bodies.
Father, we thank you in this Thanksgiving season that there is not one sick among us.
Every single person here is blessed in their bodies, minds, hearts, and emotions in the name of Jesus.
We are empowered to prosper; we are blessed in the city and in the field, blessed coming in and blessed going out. We serve a God of multiplication and overflow.
We call that in right now in the name of Jesus: supernatural debt cancellation, supernatural overflow, and financial blessing.
We call it in—good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over.
Father, we are calling in the overflow and supernatural abundant supply in the name of Jesus.
We will lack no good thing in every area of our life. Thank you, Jesus. Amen and amen.
Well, I kept you longer than I anticipated, but I am so grateful for every single one of you that came out tonight to pray with us—all 6,100 of you.
I try to keep it under two hours, but I failed again. But I felt the Holy Spirit even at the end there; we were making headway.
I am so thankful for every single one of you that stick around and pray with me; thank you for taking this seriously.
We are in the end of the end here, folks; Jesus Christ is coming.
The most important thing I can tell you tonight is: do you know Him?
If you have never asked Jesus Christ to be your Lord and personal Savior, or if you are watching with your family and you are backsliding and want a fresh start, tonight is the time.
Your relationship may have become stagnant, and tonight you just want to fan that flame. I want to pray with you before we go.
If you are not where you should be and you feel that tug in your heart, you do not want to leave 2025 and go into 2026 lukewarm.
Start your year out right in 2026. This is a time of thanksgiving and coming back to Jesus.
If you want a fresh, clean start with the Father tonight, be bold and put it in the comment section right now.
The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless He draws him. He is knocking at your heart right now.
Jesus is at your doorstep, saying, 'Will you let me in?'Do you know my friend, Jesus Christ?
And more importantly, does He know you? He died for every single one of you and wants a relationship with you.
It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
You may be here tonight and you say, 'Well, I have time. I don't need to come to Jesus tonight.
I have time. You know what? Let me just think about it.'You may not have opportunity to think about it. This might be your last opportunity.
The very shoes you put on today to go to work or to go to your family's house tomorrow for celebration—the very shoes you put on today, the undertaker might be taking them off tonight.
You don't know. No one is promised tomorrow. We only have right now. You only have right now.
But I'm trying to tell you there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
Will you accept Jesus tonight as your Lord and personal savior?
I never wanted to end it with 6,100 people on here and assume that everybody knows him. That'd be foolish of me.
And I will not stand before the Father and him say, 'Brandon, when I feel a tug on me to do this, you didn't give them a chance to come to me.
You didn't give them an opportunity, son. They were just right there.
And if you would have done this, they would have come to me and they would have been saved for eternity and had an opportunity.
But because you didn't do it, they died that night and they burn in hell for eternity.'I would be so grieved.
I would be, 'Oh, Father, I'm so sorry.'But tonight is your night.
It's appointed unto man once to die. I'm telling you, and after that, the judgment. Will you accept, my friend?
So, I'm going to say a simple prayer with you and I want you to say it with your whole heart because the Bible says with the heart confession is made unto salvation.
So, as I say this simple prayer, tonight's your night to accept my friend Jesus.
Say: Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God. I believe you died for me and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner. I've messed up a lot and I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I confess my sins before you right now. I say, Lord, I messed up.
I need a savior. Father, as of today, I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil. I turn my back on my sin. And from this day forward, Lord, I'm sold out to you.
I serve you from this day forward. With all my heart, I turn my life over to you, Jesus.
I ask you to write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life. I thank you, Lord, that today my name is written in that book.
And Jesus, I serve you from this day forward. With all I have, I worship you.
Thank you, Lord, that you invited me into your kingdom tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that you washed me with your precious blood. Thank you, Lord, that you don't remember my sins anymore.
The moment I confess my sins, the Bible says that he is faithful and just to forgive me of my sins and cleanse me of all unrighteousness.
Thank you, Lord, that I'm saved in Jesus'name. Amen and amen.
Well, I believe if you just said that prayer, you've just become born again and you're a new creature created in Christ Jesus.
All sins are washed away. Behold, he made all things new. The moment you confess it is the moment he washed it away.
It's done. I'm telling you. Welcome to the family. To be a part of the body of Christ is an awesome thing.
And I believe you just did the most important thing. The most important decision you could ever make was accepting Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior.
So you say, 'Brandon, what do I do now?'I would go to a non-denominational church, a Bible-believing church that would tell the pastor there, 'Hey, I got born again on a YouTube channel and I need to get water baptized.'Get plugged in there.
Go Wednesdays, go Sundays, go whatever time they have the doors open.
Learn about what you just got born again. Read your Bible every day and pray with us.
Come and pray with us. We have prayer almost every single day.
We pray, get stirred up, get baptized in the Holy Ghost with tongues.
And that's basically it. It's not hard. A child can do it, but it takes consistency.
Now, if you fall down and you skin your knee with sin again, you run to God when you sin. You don't run away from him. Don't run away from God.
The moment you fall down, he already knew if you were going to mess up, but you run to God when you sin.
And remember, that's not when God found out about it; it's when you got rid of it.
The moment you confess your sins is when you got rid of it. It's not when God found out about it.
And your sin is none of the devil's business. You belong to Jesus now.
If he tries to remind you of your past, you remind him of his future.
So, you're going to burn in hell for eternity, sucker. Your day is coming.
Yeah, I might have messed up in my past, but that's all underneath the blood.
As far as the east is from the west, he's taken my sin from me. It's in the sea of forgetfulness.
He doesn't remember it anymore, so I'm not going to remember it either. It's under the blood. So, that's what you do.
You tell him, because he'll try to bring up your past, but you remind him of his future.
Now, all 38 of you, you got born again tonight. Welcome to the family.
All 38 of you, we want to give you your first Bible. We want to bless you. We want to celebrate your decision tonight.
And my wife, Diana, she's going to tell you how to get your Bible for free.
In the description, you'll find our email address, and if you just put 'I just got saved'in the title and 'I need a Bible,'and then put your address in there, we will send you one for free.
We just want to love on you. We just want to tell you, and we'll never bother you again.
We don't solicit. We don't ask you for nothing. Freely we've been given, freely we give it out.
We just want to tell you: welcome to the family. Just know that that's what we're after.
We just want to tell you, hey, great job. The devil just lost a good sinner tonight.
He's crying in the corner. He's telling his demons that we just lost a good sinner tonight.
And all heaven is rejoicing with you. And so we rejoice with you, too.
And that's what we want to do, to tell you thank you. Welcome to the family. We just love on you.
So all the rest of you that have prayed with us and agreed for the 38 souls that got saved tonight—thank God we gave an altar call.
The Lord told me to. So I know all 38 of you, almost 40 again. That's amazing.
That's wonderful. Isn't Jesus wonderful? Thank you for joining us tonight.
Do you have any questions? Anything really? Is there any confusion at all? I don't want any prophetic confusion.
I want you to always have clarity when you walk away from here, knowing your prayer assignments, what we're praying for our nation, and everything's okay.
We don't have fear here. I'm not here to bring fear. No, they thought it was like one of those things that the Jewish wear, that turban, right?
But that's not what he was wearing. No, he was wearing a white-looking beanie thing.
Oh, so it looked Jewish. Yes, that's what they're saying. They're saying it looked like a white Jewish hat-looking thing. Wow.
And so I don't know why, but he is not Jewish, but it looked like a white-looking thing on his head, similar to what the Jewish men would wear.
This is interesting. It had golden writing on it like that. You see that right there?
It was white with golden writing on it. You see that design right there? It had gold and stuff.
It was a white-looking thing with gold, which I thought was very interesting because I know they don't wear that now.
Isn't that interesting, though? But that's what I saw in the vision.
I only tell you what I see. It was white, pure white with gold. Very interesting.
And a black backpack; it looked like a North Face backpack, like what you'd carry to school.
They're saying Muslims wear them as well. The outfit means that he's on a Hajj to Mecca.
Somebody said that. What does that mean? I sing praises to your name, oh Lord.
Praise to your name, oh Lord, for your name is great. There you go; that's what it is.
See, it's on his head, looking like a little beanie, but it's white and it had gold on it.
For your name is great and greatly to be praised. He was on the subway.
There you go, see the gold? Just like that; that's the way it looked.
That's what I searched. You can show them that; that's the way it looked.
I don't know what that means if that's a representation of something, but he had that on, and he had a white gown and a black backpack.
He was very upset, crying because of what he was about to do. He was about to do himself in. You hear me?
It was like he had a white outfit on and a black thing he was carrying, and he went in there and he ignited that sucker.
But that's what he was wearing right there: all white. I'll start jumping back in that prayer vein if I start talking about it.
Jesus, for your name is great. My neck—I need to go to the chiropractor. Glory to God. I don't feel so tired like I did last night.
I felt like I went through the wringer yesterday, but tonight I feel refreshed.
All glory to Jesus. It's a lot of work, y'all. I told D I feel like I ran fifty miles.
Some nights are heavier than others, but tonight I feel conditioned.
Praise Jesus. Praise you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Okay, wasn't that interesting the way the shark looked? There were suckers on it.
The shark was already established in the water, but the Muslim Brotherhood were like suckers trying to infiltrate the organized crime in our nation.
They were using the docks to get supplies. Are you listening? I'm talking to you, son.
They were using the docks to get their supplies—like Amazon—using the shipyards, and they were transporting it by train and railroad.
Paid people were getting their supplies for what they needed to do in our nation through the shipyards and organized crime.
That's how they were getting their supplies to do what they wanted to do.
I thought that was interesting, New York. And it was interesting he even used the word union workers.
You saw Japan? Yeah, I saw Japan and they were linked to it too.
Japan was a station to bring other things for organized crime to their port from other Asian areas.
Japan was a front, and I saw Japan using their ships and going into California. They were able to get through Japan to America.
I don't know why it was Japan, but I saw the island of Japan and they were using it as a hub.
They would take the stuff to Japan and from Japan to America.
Whoever is there in Japan was paid as part of the organized crime. Pray for the NSA.
I didn't know what the NSA was; it looks like they do cybersecurity, so we're praying over the NSA.
The NSA was the one we were praying for concerning the telephones, that they will see this underground chatter.
The Lord said to pray for the NSA because it's very serious concerning the chatter.
This is what I thought was interesting in the vision: you know how you see a hose that's very thick, like a major fire hose?
The hose was very thick at the beginning, but the more it got to the end, it started having a little bitty hose; it was like being siphoned off, like an artery.
The more it went through, because of the Trump administration, they were able to cut off the flow through the NSA findings.
They had to be more careful with how they were communicating. The flow got cut off, and they were about to be exposed.
The pipeline got smaller and smaller, and they had to be more strategic in how they were communicating because they were onto them.
That's what the Lord was showing me. It started off really big and then got smaller because of the NSA.
The Lord said, 'Pray for the NSA; they're about to uncover it.'If we can get the head of this snake, it will take the whole rest of it with it.
They're about to uncover it. That's why I saw certain big people in government—I can't even go there because it's bad.
If I said their names, it wouldn't be good. They're not Republican; that's all I will say.
I might be big enough to say it, but I'm not going to. That probably is really stupid.
The Lord said, 'Don't you dare.'He already said a lot. Your day is coming.
If they watch, your day is coming. You will not be able to hide much longer, and Jesus is going to expose you.
Seedtime and harvest are coming to their fullest, and you're about to reap what you've sowed.
The full manifestation of your harvest is coming to your doorstep. All hidden things will be revealed.
You may not get it on this side of the earth, but you're going to burn in hell if you don't repent. Judgment's coming.
You can run for so long, and sin may be fun for a season because they have blackmail on you or whatever is going on, but your day is coming.
Payday is coming. All hidden things will be revealed. Pray for Pam Bondi; she has some things. She's trying to tighten up the loose ends.
Pray for her; she's about to make a major announcement soon, and it will come through the Trump administration.
Pray for Pam Bondi; you must pray for her. She has to have a case closed, a nail in the coffin.
You don't want them to have an escape door. He has to be able to tighten the noose and it's done.
There are some bad people, and it goes clear into Ukraine and clear into Europe.
I'm tired now. God bless you all. Thank you for joining us. Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours.
Eat lots of turkey. If you're vegan, eat mashed potatoes. Enjoy your family time during this beautiful season.
We have so much to be thankful for. Jesus is Lord. Remember we love you and Jesus loves you.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Have a blessed and happy Thanksgiving. Bye-bye.